The technician told the customer that he could pay with cash.
The technician told the customer that she could pay with cash.
The technician told the customer that they could pay with cash.
The technician told someone that he could pay with cash.
The technician told someone that she could pay with cash.
The technician told someone that they could pay with cash.
The technician told the customer that he had completed the repair.
The technician told the customer that she had completed the repair.
The technician told the customer that they had completed the repair.
The technician told someone that he had completed the repair.
The technician told someone that she had completed the repair.
The technician told someone that they had completed the repair.
The taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing his taxes.
The taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing her taxes.
The taxpayer met with the accountant to get help filing their taxes.
 Someone met with the accountant to get help filing his taxes.
 Someone met with the accountant to get help filing her taxes.
  Someone met with the accountant to get help filing their taxes.
The taxpayer met with the accountant to find out if he could help with tax preparation.
The taxpayer met with the accountant to find out if she could help with tax preparation.
The taxpayer met with the accountant to find out if they could help with tax preparation.
 Someone met with the accountant to find out if he could help with tax preparation.
 Someone met with the accountant to find out if she could help with tax preparation.
  Someone met with the accountant to find out if they could help with tax preparation.
The supervisor gave the employee feedback on his stellar performance.
The supervisor gave the employee feedback on her stellar performance.
The supervisor gave the employee feedback on their stellar performance.
The supervisor gave someone feedback on his stellar performance.
The supervisor gave someone feedback on her stellar performance.
The supervisor gave someone feedback on their stellar performance.
The employee gave the supervisor feedback on his managing style.
The employee gave the supervisor feedback on her managing style.
The employee gave the supervisor feedback on their managing style.
 Someone gave the supervisor feedback on his managing style.
 Someone gave the supervisor feedback on her managing style.
  Someone gave the supervisor feedback on their managing style.
The engineer informed the client that he would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed the client that she would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed the client that they would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed someone that he would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed someone that she would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed someone that they would need more time to complete the project.
The engineer informed the client that he would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed the client that she would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed the client that they would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed someone that he would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed someone that she would need to make all future payments on time.
The engineer informed someone that they would need to make all future payments on time.
The worker told the pedestrian that he should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told the pedestrian that she should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told the pedestrian that they should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told someone that he should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told someone that she should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told someone that they should avoid the closed portion of the street.
The worker told the pedestrian that he was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The worker told the pedestrian that she was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The worker told the pedestrian that they were repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The worker told someone that he was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The worker told someone that she was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The worker told someone that they were repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.
The educator was meeting with a student to discuss his writing skills.
The educator was meeting with a student to discuss her writing skills.
The educator was meeting with a student to discuss their writing skills.
The educator was meeting with someone to discuss his writing skills.
The educator was meeting with someone to discuss her writing skills.
The educator was meeting with someone to discuss their writing skills.
The educator was meeting with a student to discuss his grading policy.
The educator was meeting with a student to discuss her grading policy.
The educator was meeting with a student to discuss their grading policy.
The educator was meeting with someone to discuss his grading policy.
The educator was meeting with someone to discuss her grading policy.
The educator was meeting with someone to discuss their grading policy.
The clerk provided the customer with paperwork for him to fill out.
The clerk provided the customer with paperwork for her to fill out.
The clerk provided the customer with paperwork for them to fill out.
The clerk provided someone with paperwork for him to fill out.
The clerk provided someone with paperwork for her to fill out.
The clerk provided someone with paperwork for them to fill out.
The clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to him upon completion.
The clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to her upon completion.
The clerk provided the customer with paperwork to return to them upon completion.
The clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to him upon completion.
The clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to her upon completion.
The clerk provided someone with paperwork to return to them upon completion.
The counselor disclosed to the patient that he was professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The counselor disclosed to the patient that she was professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The counselor disclosed to the patient that they were professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The counselor disclosed to someone that he was professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The counselor disclosed to someone that she was professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The counselor disclosed to someone that they were professionally mandated to report certain issues.
The patient disclosed to the counselor that he had a history of substance abuse.
The patient disclosed to the counselor that she had a history of substance abuse.
The patient disclosed to the counselor that they had a history of substance abuse.
 Someone disclosed to the counselor that he had a history of substance abuse.
 Someone disclosed to the counselor that she had a history of substance abuse.
 Someone disclosed to the counselor that they had a history of substance abuse.
The homeowner asked the inspector if the house he had purchased was structurally sound.
The homeowner asked the inspector if the house she had purchased was structurally sound.
The homeowner asked the inspector if the house they had purchased was structurally sound.
 Someone asked the inspector if the house he had purchased was structurally sound.
 Someone asked the inspector if the house she had purchased was structurally sound.
 Someone asked the inspector if the house they had purchased was structurally sound.
The homeowner asked the inspector if he had discovered any building code violations.
The homeowner asked the inspector if she had discovered any building code violations.
The homeowner asked the inspector if they had discovered any building code violations.
 Someone asked the inspector if he had discovered any building code violations.
 Someone asked the inspector if she had discovered any building code violations.
 Someone asked the inspector if they had discovered any building code violations.
The mechanic called to inform the customer that his car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform the customer that her car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform the customer that their car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform someone that his car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform someone that her car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform someone that their car would be ready in the morning.
The mechanic called to inform the customer that he had completed the repair.
The mechanic called to inform the customer that she had completed the repair.
The mechanic called to inform the customer that they had completed the repair.
The mechanic called to inform someone that he had completed the repair.
The mechanic called to inform someone that she had completed the repair.
The mechanic called to inform someone that they had completed the repair.
The customer asked to speak with the manager because he would be able to fix the billing error.
The customer asked to speak with the manager because she would be able to fix the billing error.
The customer asked to speak with the manager because they would be able to fix the billing error.
  Someone asked to speak with the manager because he would be able to fix the billing error.
 Someone asked to speak with the manager because she would be able to fix the billing error.
 Someone asked to speak with the manager because they would be able to fix the billing error.
The customer asked to speak with the manager because he wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
The customer asked to speak with the manager because she wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
The customer asked to speak with the manager because they wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
  Someone asked to speak with the manager because he wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
 Someone asked to speak with the manager because she wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
 Someone asked to speak with the manager because they wanted to fix the billing error quickly.
The teenager confided in the therapist because he seemed trustworthy.
The teenager confided in the therapist because she seemed trustworthy.
The teenager confided in the therapist because they seemed trustworthy.
 Someone confided in the therapist because he seemed trustworthy.
 Someone confided in the therapist because she seemed trustworthy.
 Someone confided in the therapist because they seemed trustworthy.
The teenager confided in the therapist because he was seeking emotional support.
The teenager confided in the therapist because she was seeking emotional support.
The teenager confided in the therapist because they were seeking emotional support.
 Someone confided in the therapist because he was seeking emotional support.
 Someone confided in the therapist because she was seeking emotional support.
 Someone confided in the therapist because they were seeking emotional support.
The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that he had organized.
The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that she had organized.
The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that they had organized.
  Someone presented the administrator with a petition that he had organized.
  Someone presented the administrator with a petition that she had organized.
  Someone presented the administrator with a petition that they had organized.
The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that he had been unaware of.
The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that she had been unaware of.
The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that they had been unaware of.
  Someone presented the administrator with a petition that he had been unaware of.
  Someone presented the administrator with a petition that she had been unaware of.
  Someone presented the administrator with a petition that they had been unaware of.
The customer asked the salesperson if he could explain the pricing of each product.
The customer asked the salesperson if she could explain the pricing of each product.
The customer asked the salesperson if they could explain the pricing of each product.
 Someone asked the salesperson if he could explain the pricing of each product.
  Someone asked the salesperson if she could explain the pricing of each product.
  Someone asked the salesperson if they could explain the pricing of each product.
The customer asked the salesperson if he was eligible for an additional discount.
The customer asked the salesperson if she was eligible for an additional discount.
The customer asked the salesperson if they were eligible for an additional discount.
 Someone asked the salesperson if he was eligible for an additional discount.
  Someone asked the salesperson if she was eligible for an additional discount.
  Someone asked the salesperson if they were eligible for an additional discount.
The visitor asked the receptionist if he needed to sign in.
The visitor asked the receptionist if she needed to sign in.
The visitor asked the receptionist if they needed to sign in.
 Someone asked the receptionist if he needed to sign in.
  Someone asked the receptionist if she needed to sign in.
  Someone asked the receptionist if they needed to sign in.
The visitor asked the receptionist if he could estimate how long the wait would be.
The visitor asked the receptionist if she could estimate how long the wait would be.
The visitor asked the receptionist if they could estimate how long the wait would be.
 Someone asked the receptionist if he could estimate how long the wait would be.
  Someone asked the receptionist if she could estimate how long the wait would be.
  Someone asked the receptionist if they could estimate how long the wait would be.
The librarian helped the child pick out a book because he did not know what to read.
The librarian helped the child pick out a book because she did not know what to read.
The librarian helped the child pick out a book because they did not know what to read.
The librarian helped someone pick out a book because he did not know what to read.
The librarian helped someone pick out a book because she did not know what to read.
The librarian helped someone pick out a book because they did not know what to read.
The librarian helped the child pick out a book because he liked to encourage reading.
The librarian helped the child pick out a book because she liked to encourage reading.
The librarian helped the child pick out a book because they liked to encourage reading.
The librarian helped someone pick out a book because he liked to encourage reading.
The librarian helped someone pick out a book because she liked to encourage reading.
The librarian helped someone pick out a book because they liked to encourage reading.
The advisor met with the advisee because he wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with the advisee because they wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with someone because he wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with someone because she wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with someone because they wanted to get advice about job applications.
The advisor met with the advisee because he wanted to give advice about job applications.
The advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to give advice about job applications.
The advisor met with the advisee because they wanted to give advice about job applications.
The advisor met with someone because he wanted to give advice about job applications.
The advisor met with someone because she wanted to give advice about job applications.
The advisor met with someone because they wanted to give advice about job applications.
The pharmacist told the patient that he should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told the patient that she should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told the patient that they should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told someone that he should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told someone that she should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told someone that they should take the pills with food.
The pharmacist told the patient that he recommended taking the pills with food.
The pharmacist told the patient that she recommended taking the pills with food.
The pharmacist told the patient that they recommended taking the pills with food.
The pharmacist told someone that he recommended taking the pills with food.
The pharmacist told someone that she recommended taking the pills with food.
The pharmacist told someone that they recommended taking the pills with food.
The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they might fall and get hurt.
The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he would have to mop it all over again.
The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she would have to mop it all over again.
The janitor warned the child not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they would have to mop it all over again.
The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise he would have to mop it all over again.
The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise she would have to mop it all over again.
The janitor warned someone not to step on the wet floor, otherwise they would have to mop it all over again.
The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so he could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so she could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so they could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so he could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so she could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so they could make a preliminary assessment.
The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so he could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so she could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so they could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so he could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so she could be quickly assessed.
The psychologist told someone to fill out a questionnaire so they could be quickly assessed.
The physician warned the patient that he needed to get more rest.
The physician warned the patient that she needed to get more rest.
The physician warned the patient that they needed to get more rest.
The physician warned someone that he needed to get more rest.
The physician warned someone that she needed to get more rest.
The physician warned someone that they needed to get more rest.
The physician warned the patient that he could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The physician warned the patient that she could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The physician warned the patient that they could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The physician warned someone that he could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The physician warned someone that she could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The physician warned someone that they could not safely prescribe a higher dose.
The carpenter told the onlooker that he needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told the onlooker that she needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told the onlooker that they needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told someone that he needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told someone that she needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told someone that they needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.
The carpenter told the onlooker that he had been working on the house for three weeks.
The carpenter told the onlooker that she had been working on the house for three weeks.
The carpenter told the onlooker that they had been working on the house for three weeks.
The carpenter told someone that he had been working on the house for three weeks.
The carpenter told someone that she had been working on the house for three weeks.
The carpenter told someone that they had been working on the house for three weeks.
The nurse notified the patient that his shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified the patient that her shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified the patient that their shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified someone that his shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified someone that her shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified someone that their shift would be ending in an hour.
The nurse notified the patient that his blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified the patient that her blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified the patient that their blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified someone that his blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified someone that her blood would be drawn in an hour.
The nurse notified someone that their blood would be drawn in an hour.
The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but he was unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but she was unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but they were unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but he was unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but she was unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but they were unreachable.
The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but he was unable to get in contact.
The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but she was unable to get in contact.
The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but they were unable to get in contact.
The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but he was unable to get in contact.
The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but she was unable to get in contact.
The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but they were unable to get in contact.
The customer left the bartender a big tip because he was feeling generous.
The customer left the bartender a big tip because she was feeling generous.
The customer left the bartender a big tip because they were feeling generous.
 Someone left the bartender a big tip because he was feeling generous.
 Someone left the bartender a big tip because she was feeling generous.
 Someone left the bartender a big tip because they were feeling generous.
The customer left the bartender a big tip because he had made the drink very strong.
The customer left the bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong.
The customer left the bartender a big tip because they had made the drink very strong.
 Someone left the bartender a big tip because he had made the drink very strong.
 Someone left the bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong.
 Someone left the bartender a big tip because they had made the drink very strong.
The patient was referred to the specialist because he had a rare skin condition.
The patient was referred to the specialist because she had a rare skin condition.
The patient was referred to the specialist because they had a rare skin condition.
 Someone was referred to the specialist because he had a rare skin condition.
 Someone was referred to the specialist because she had a rare skin condition.
  Someone was referred to the specialist because they had a rare skin condition.
The patient was referred to the specialist because he had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
The patient was referred to the specialist because she had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
The patient was referred to the specialist because they had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
 Someone was referred to the specialist because he had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
 Someone was referred to the specialist because she had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
  Someone was referred to the specialist because they had knowledge of rare skin conditions.
The electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on his own.
The electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on her own.
The electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on their own.
The electrician warned someone not to try rewiring anything on his own.
The electrician warned someone not to try rewiring anything on her own.
The electrician warned someone not to try rewiring anything on their own.
The electrician warned the homeowner that he might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The electrician warned the homeowner that she might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The electrician warned the homeowner that they might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The electrician warned someone that he might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The electrician warned someone that she might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The electrician warned someone that they might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.
The officer arrested the protester even though he was not on duty.
The officer arrested the protester even though she was not on duty.
The officer arrested the protester even though they were not on duty.
The officer arrested someone even though he was not on duty.
The officer arrested someone even though she was not on duty.
The officer arrested someone even though they were not on duty.
The officer arrested the protester even though he was not violent.
The officer arrested the protester even though she was not violent.
The officer arrested the protester even though they were not violent.
The officer arrested someone even though he was not violent.
The officer arrested someone even though she was not violent.
The officer arrested someone even though they were not violent.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under his microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under her microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under their microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under his microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under her microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under their microscope.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of his death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of her death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of their death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to determine the cause of his death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to determine the cause of her death.
The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to determine the cause of their death.
The student asked the teacher if he could get an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the teacher if she could get an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the teacher if they could get an extension on the assignment.
  Someone asked the teacher if he could get an extension on the assignment.
 Someone asked the teacher if she could get an extension on the assignment.
 Someone asked the teacher if they could get an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the teacher if he could grant an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the teacher if she could grant an extension on the assignment.
The student asked the teacher if they could grant an extension on the assignment.
  Someone asked the teacher if he could grant an extension on the assignment.
 Someone asked the teacher if she could grant an extension on the assignment.
 Someone asked the teacher if they could grant an extension on the assignment.
