The lawyer cross-examined the witness until he broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness until she broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness until they broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined someone until he broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined someone until she broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined someone until they broke under pressure.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness until he was finished asking questions.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness until she was finished asking questions.
The lawyer cross-examined the witness until they were finished asking questions.
The lawyer cross-examined someone until he was finished asking questions.
The lawyer cross-examined someone until she was finished asking questions.
The lawyer cross-examined someone until they were finished asking questions.
The planner spoke with the resident who said that his entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with the resident who said that her entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with the resident who said that their entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with someone who said that his entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with someone who said that her entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with someone who said that their entire community did not want an aiport nearby.
The planner spoke with the resident who said that his proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The planner spoke with the resident who said that her proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The planner spoke with the resident who said that their proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The planner spoke with someone who said that his proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The planner spoke with someone who said that her proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The planner spoke with someone who said that their proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.
The practitioner made a house call for the patient because he felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for the patient because she felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for the patient because they felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for someone because he felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for someone because she felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for someone because they felt gravely ill.
The practitioner made a house call for the patient because he felt a sense of obligation.
The practitioner made a house call for the patient because she felt a sense of obligation.
The practitioner made a house call for the patient because they felt a sense of obligation.
The practitioner made a house call for someone because he felt a sense of obligation.
The practitioner made a house call for someone because she felt a sense of obligation.
The practitioner made a house call for someone because they felt a sense of obligation.
The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for his services.
The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for her services.
The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for their services.
  Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for his services.
 Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for her services.
 Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for their services.
The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing his broken pipes.
The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing her broken pipes.
The homeowner called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing their broken pipes.
  Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing his broken pipes.
 Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing her broken pipes.
 Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for repairing their broken pipes.
The instructor encouraged the student to attend his help sessions.
The instructor encouraged the student to attend her help sessions.
The instructor encouraged the student to attend their help sessions.
The instructor encouraged someone to attend his help sessions.
The instructor encouraged someone to attend her help sessions.
The instructor encouraged someone to attend their help sessions.
The instructor encouraged the student to pursue his dreams.
The instructor encouraged the student to pursue her dreams.
The instructor encouraged the student to pursue their dreams.
The instructor encouraged someone to pursue his dreams.
The instructor encouraged someone to pursue her dreams.
The instructor encouraged someone to pursue their dreams.
The surgeon operated on the child with great care his tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on the child with great care her tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on the child with great care their tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on someone with great care his tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on someone with great care her tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on someone with great care their tumor had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on the child with great care his affection had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on the child with great care her affection had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on the child with great care their affection had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on someone with great care his affection had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on someone with great care her affection had grown over time.
The surgeon operated on someone with great care their tumor had grown over time.
The veterinarian informed the owner that his cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed the owner that her cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed the owner that their cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed someone that his cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed someone that her cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed someone that their cat had developed diabetes.
The veterinarian informed the owner that he could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The veterinarian informed the owner that she could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The veterinarian informed the owner that they could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The veterinarian informed someone that he could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The veterinarian informed someone that she could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The veterinarian informed someone that they could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.
The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though he knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though she knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though they knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though he knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though she knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though they knew it was too late.
The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though he was already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though she was already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though they were already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though he was already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though she was already dead.
The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though they were already dead.
The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too badly mutilated.
The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too incompetent.
The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too incompetent.
The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too incompetent.
The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too incompetent.
The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too incompetent.
The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because they were too incompetent.
The chemist told the visitor that he would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told the visitor that she would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told the visitor that they would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told someone that he would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told someone that she would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told someone that they would need to put on safety glasses before entering the laboratory.
The chemist told the visitor that he would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The chemist told the visitor that she would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The chemist told the visitor that they would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The chemist told someone that he would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The chemist told someone that she would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The chemist told someone that they would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.
The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for him to try it out.
The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for her to try it out.
The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for them to try it out.
The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for him to try it out.
The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for her to try it out.
The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said it was too dangerous for them to try it out.
The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said only he could operate it.
The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said only she could operate it.
The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said only they could operate it.
The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said only he could operate it.
The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said only she could operate it.
The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said only they could operate it.
The appraiser told the buyer that he had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told the buyer that she had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told the buyer that they had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told someone that he had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told someone that she had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told someone that they had paid too much for the painting.
The appraiser told the buyer that he valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The appraiser told the buyer that she valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The appraiser told the buyer that they valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The appraiser told someone that he valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The appraiser told someone that she valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The appraiser told someone that they valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.
The nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve his diet.
The nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve her diet.
The nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve their diet.
The nutritionist explained to someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve his diet.
The nutritionist explained to someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve her diet.
The nutritionist explained to someone that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve their diet.
The nutritionist explained to the patient that it was his belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The nutritionist explained to the patient that it was her belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The nutritionist explained to the patient that it was their belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The nutritionist explained to someone that it was his belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The nutritionist explained to someone that it was her belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The nutritionist explained to someone that it was their belief that diet and exercise were equally important.
The student set up a meeting with the architect to explore his career options.
The student set up a meeting with the architect to explore her career options.
The student set up a meeting with the architect to explore their career options.
 Someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore his career options.
 Someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore her career options.
 Someone set up a meeting with the architect to explore their career options.
The student set up a meeting with the architect to view his blueprints for inspiration.
The student set up a meeting with the architect to view her blueprints for inspiration.
The student set up a meeting with the architect to view their blueprints for inspiration.
 Someone set up a meeting with the architect to view his blueprints for inspiration.
 Someone set up a meeting with the architect to view her blueprints for inspiration.
 Someone set up a meeting with the architect to view their blueprints for inspiration.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because he wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because she wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because they wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because he wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because she wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because they wanted to be helpful.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because he wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because she wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to the client because they wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because he wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because she wanted to try something different.
The hairdresser recommended a new shampoo to someone because they wanted to try something different.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he was on a low-carb diet.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she was on a low-carb diet.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they were on a low-carb diet.
  Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he was on a low-carb diet.
  Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she was on a low-carb diet.
  Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they were on a low-carb diet.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he had bad reviews online.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she had bad reviews online.
The customer ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they had bad reviews online.
  Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though he had bad reviews online.
  Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though she had bad reviews online.
  Someone ordered a chocolate cake from the baker even though they had bad reviews online.
The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because he wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because she wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because they wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because he wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because she wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because they wanted to earn good karma.
The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because he wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because she wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach the student to code because they wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because he wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because she wanted to become a web developer.
The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because they wanted to become a web developer.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so he was fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so she was fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so they were fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so he was fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so she was fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so they were fired.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so he got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so she got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so they got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so he got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so she got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for someone so they got fed up and went to a different law firm.
The hygienist told the patient that he needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told the patient that she needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told the patient that they needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told someone that he needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told someone that she needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told someone that they needed to floss every day to avoid gum disease.
The hygienist told the patient that he needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The hygienist told the patient that she needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The hygienist told the patient that they needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The hygienist told someone that he needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The hygienist told someone that she needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The hygienist told someone that they needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.
The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because he needed a lab assistant.
The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because she needed a lab assistant.
The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because they needed a lab assistant.
 Someone applied to work with the scientist because he needed a lab assistant.
 Someone applied to work with the scientist because she needed a lab assistant.
 Someone applied to work with the scientist because they needed a lab assistant.
The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because he needed more experience in the lab.
The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because she needed more experience in the lab.
The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because they needed more experience in the lab.
 Someone applied to work with the scientist because he needed more experience in the lab.
 Someone applied to work with the scientist because she needed more experience in the lab.
 Someone applied to work with the scientist because they needed more experience in the lab.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he was sending help.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she was sending help.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they were sending help.
 Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he was sending help.
 Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she was sending help.
  Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they were sending help.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he should wait for help in a safe location.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she should wait for help in a safe location.
The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they should wait for help in a safe location.
 Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he should wait for help in a safe location.
 Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she should wait for help in a safe location.
  Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said they should wait for help in a safe location.
The cashier told the customer that he couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told the customer that she couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told the customer that they couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told someone that he couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told someone that she couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told someone that they couldn't use a credit card for a purchase under ten dollars.
The cashier told the customer that he couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The cashier told the customer that she couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The cashier told the customer that they couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The cashier told someone that he couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The cashier told someone that she couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The cashier told someone that they couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.
The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for him to scrutinize.
The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for her to scrutinize.
The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records for them to scrutinize.
The auditor asked someone to provide records for him to scrutinize.
The auditor asked someone to provide records for her to scrutinize.
The auditor asked someone to provide records for them to scrutinize.
The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of his financial transactions.
The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of her financial transactions.
The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of their financial transactions.
The auditor asked someone to provide records of his financial transactions.
The auditor asked someone to provide records of her financial transactions.
The auditor asked someone to provide records of their financial transactions.
The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice he gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice they gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice he gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice they gave everyone.
The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because he was not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because she was not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because they were not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because he was not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because she was not getting enough to eat.
The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because they were not getting enough to eat.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because he had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because she had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because they had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because he had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because she had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because they had to shut down the gallery.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because he made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because she made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to the customer because they made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because he made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because she made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because they made an offer that was hard to refuse.
The broker called the client because he had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called the client because she had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called the client because they had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called someone because he had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called someone because she had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called someone because they had new stocks to recommend.
The broker called the client because he had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called the client because she had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called the client because they had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called someone because he had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called someone because she had requested a phone consultation.
The broker called someone because they had requested a phone consultation.
The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with his dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with her dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with their dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with his dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with her dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with their dinner.
The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with his preparation style.
The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with her preparation style.
The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with their preparation style.
The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with his preparation style.
The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with her preparation style.
The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with their preparation style.
The doctor told the patient that he would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told the patient that she would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told the patient that they would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told someone that he would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told someone that she would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told someone that they would be at risk without the vaccination.
The doctor told the patient that he would be on vacation next week.
The doctor told the patient that she would be on vacation next week.
The doctor told the patient that they would be on vacation next week.
The doctor told someone that he would be on vacation next week.
The doctor told someone that she would be on vacation next week.
The doctor told someone that they would be on vacation next week.
The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because he could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because she could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because they could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because he could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because she could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because they could not escape.
The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because he could not just stand by and do nothing.
The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because she could not just stand by and do nothing.
The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because they could not just stand by and do nothing.
The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because he could not just stand by and do nothing.
The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because she could not just stand by and do nothing.
The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because they could not just stand by and do nothing.
The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that he could update the guest log.
The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that she could update the guest log.
The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that they could update the guest log.
The secretary asked someone to sign in so that he could update the guest log.
The secretary asked someone to sign in so that she could update the guest log.
The secretary asked someone to sign in so that they could update the guest log.
The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that he could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that she could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked the visitor to sign in so that they could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked someone to sign in so that he could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked someone to sign in so that she could be issued a guest badge.
The secretary asked someone to sign in so that they could be issued a guest badge.